[Android] Add demo app using Kotlin SDK v0.0.54 (#134)
meta-llama/llama-stack-apps: examples/android_app/README.md

## Key Concepts
From this demo app, you will learn many key concepts such as:
* Building a GenAI Android app with Llama Stack libraries
* Run inference with Llama Stack Kotlin SDK remotely (via various adapters) and on-device (via ExecuToch with XNNPACK)
* Use Llama model’s tool-calling features
* Local memories for conversational history

The goal is for you to see the type of support Llama Stack Kotlin SDK provides and feel comfortable with leveraging it for your use cases.

## Supporting Models
As a whole, the models that this app supports vary by remote or on-device/local.

For remote, the app should support whatever [Llama Stack](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-stack) server supports. From feather Llama models such as 1B to the most comprehensive 405B. 

For on-device, here is the list of models we support currently and growing:
* Llama 3.2 Quantized 1B/3B
* Llama 3.2 1B/3B in BF16
* Llama 3.1 8B quantized
* Llama 3 8B quantized

## Building and Run the Demo App
1. Clone the repo
2. Open the project in Android Studio

> 3. Download .aar file for local inference. From [llama-stack-client-kotlin](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-stack-client-kotlin/tree/release/0.0.54) release/0.0.54, run the following and copy the downloaded AAR file to the `example/android_app/app/libs` directory for the Android demo app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Download .aar file for local inference. Follow instructions from the [Dependency for Local](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-stack-client-kotlin/blob/release/0.0.54/README.md#dependency-for-local) section in the llama-stack-client-kotlin README to download the ExecuTorch AAR into the demo app. 

```

Reviewer: also remove the 4 lines below. This way the instructions stay in one place.

```

> cd llama-stack-client-kotlin-client-local 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<p align="center">
<img src="./docs/img/settings.png" style="width:300px">
</p>

### User Prompt
Once the model is successfully loaded then enter any prompt and click the send (i.e. generate) button to send it to the model.

You can provide more follow-up questions as well. The current application stores 2 rounds of previous conversations as memory. This can be adjusted with the constant `CONVERSATION_HISTORY_MESSAGE_LOOKBACK`. Since it will append message history as part of the new prompt, this will affect your time-to-first-token. For local inference, the prefill rate is usually smaller than remote inference, which means the model takes longer to process the input prompt. We recommend 2 rounds of conversation history for local inference as a moving window approach.

To understand more about how we are running the inference, check the sample code in `LlamaStackLocalInference.kt` or `LlamaStackRemoteInference.kt`

> ### Tool Calling

Reviewer: indicate this only works for remote at the moment

Author: Added in the section

To understand more about how we are running the inference, check the sample code in `LlamaStackLocalInference.kt` or `LlamaStackRemoteInference.kt`

### Tool Calling
In this demo app, we also showcase a tool calling example to ask the model to help schedule calendar events with the default Android Calendar app. This is done by supplying a “special” system prompt to have the model detect the user's intention and match it to customized tools or functions provided. In our example, we defined a function called `createCalendarEvent` and the criteria to invoke it. You can learn more and define your own function in `AvailableFunction.kt`. Tool calling currently works with remote inference only. We are adding the capability to local inference.

When using the demo app, you can chat with the model like normal. 

<p align="center">
<img src="./docs/gif/normal_conversation.gif" style="width:300px">
</p>

However, when you have intention to create a meeting or events, the model helps you add a reminder in the Calendar App.

<p align="center">
<img src="./docs/gif/toolcalling.gif" style="width:300px">
</p>

> Whenever the model is going to make a tool-calling, the Llama Stack Kotlin API will return details in

Reviewer 2: > make a tool call
